Additions to data source acceleration (#8759)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _dashboards/management/accelerate-external-data.md

- A _skipping index_ uses skip acceleration methods, such as partition, minimum and maximum values, and value sets, to ingest and create compact aggregate data structures. This makes them an economical option for direct querying scenarios. For more information, see [Skipping indexes](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/dashboards/management/accelerate-external-data/#skipping-indexes).
- A _covering index_ ingests all or some of the data from the source into OpenSearch and makes it possible to use all OpenSearch Dashboards and plugin functionality. For more information, see [Covering indexes](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/dashboards/management/accelerate-external-data/#covering-indexes).
- A _materialized view_ enhances query performance by storing precomputed and aggregated data from the source data. For more information, see [Materialized views](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/dashboards/management/accelerate-external-data/#materialized-views).

> For comprehensive guidance on each indexing process, see the [Flint Index Reference Manual](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-spark/blob/main/docs/index.md) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For comprehensive guidance on each indexing process, see the [Flint Index Reference Manual](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-spark/blob/main/docs/index.md). 
```

## Data sources use case: Accelerate performance

To get started with accelerating query performance, perform the following steps:

1. Go to **OpenSearch Dashboards** > **Query Workbench** and select your data source from the **Data sources** dropdown menu.
2. From the navigation menu, select a database.
3. View the results in the table and confirm that you have the correct data.
4. Create an OpenSearch index by following these steps:
    1. Select **Accelerate data**. A pop-up window appears. 
    2. Enter your database and table details under **Select data fields**.
5. For **Acceleration type**, select the type of acceleration according to your use case. For more information, see the following sections:
      - [Skipping indexes](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/dashboards/management/accelerate-external-data/#skipping-indexes)
      - [Covering indexes](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/dashboards/management/accelerate-external-data/#covering-indexes)
      - [Materialized views](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/dashboards/management/accelerate-external-data/#materialized-views)

> 6. Under **Define index**, enter the information for your acceleration type.

Reviewer: Is there a save step after this? Similar to `View the covering index query details and then click **Run**. OpenSearch adds your index to the left navigation pane.`

Author: This section is intended to get users started with the initial steps, and then link off to the next three sections to finish out the process. I rewrote it a bit and it looks better now.

2. Select **Create acceleration** to apply your skipping index settings. 
3. View the skipping index query details and then click **Run**. OpenSearch adds your index to the left navigation pane.

Alternately, you can manually create a skipping index using Query Workbench. Select your data source from the dropdown and run a query like the following:

```sql
CREATE SKIPPING INDEX
ON datasourcename.gluedatabasename.vpclogstable(
 `srcaddr` BLOOM_FILTER, 
 `dstaddr` BLOOM_FILTER, 
 `day` PARTITION, 
 `account_id`BLOOM_FILTER
 ) WITH (
index_settings = '{"number_of_shards":5,"number_of_replicas":1}',
auto_refresh = true,
checkpoint_location = 's3://accountnum-vpcflow/AWSLogs/checkpoint'
)
```

## Covering indexes

A _covering index_ ingests all or some of the data from the source into OpenSearch and makes it possible to use all OpenSearch Dashboards and plugin functionality.

With a covering index, you can ingest data from a specified column in a table. This is the most performant of the three indexing types. Because OpenSearch ingests all data from your desired column, you get better performance and can perform advanced analytics.

> OpenSearch creates a new index from the covering index data. You can use this new index to create Dashboards visualizations, or for anomaly detection and geospatial capabilities. You can manage the covering view index with Index State Management. For more information, see [Index State Management](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/im-plugin/ism/index/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSearch creates a new index from the covering index data. You can use this new index to create Dashboard visualizations, or for anomaly detection and geospatial capabilities. You can manage the covering view index with Index State Management. For more information, see [Index State Management](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/im-plugin/ism/index/).
```

```sql
CREATE INDEX vpc_covering_index
ON datasourcename.gluedatabasename.vpclogstable (version, account_id, interface_id, 
srcaddr, dstaddr, srcport, dstport, protocol, packets, 
bytes, start, action, log_status STRING, 
`aws-account-id`, `aws-service`, `aws-region`, year, 
month, day, hour )
WITH (
  auto_refresh = true,
  refresh_interval = '15 minute',
  checkpoint_location = 's3://accountnum-vpcflow/AWSLogs/checkpoint'
)
```

## Materialized views

With _materialized views_, you can use complex queries, such as aggregations, to power Dashboards visualizations. Materialized views ingest a small amount of your data, depending on the query, into OpenSearch. OpenSearch then forms an index from the ingested data that you can use for visualizations. You can manage the materialized view index with Index State Management. For more information, see [Index State Management](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/im-plugin/ism/index/).

### Define materialized view settings

1. For **Index name**, enter a valid index name. Note that each table can have multiple covering indexes.

> 2. Choose a **Refresh type**. By default, OpenSearch automatically refreshes the index. Otherwise, you must manually trigger a refresh using a REFRESH statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose a **Refresh type**. By default, OpenSearch automatically refreshes the index. Otherwise, you must manually trigger a refresh using a `REFRESH` statement.
```

3. Enter a **Checkpoint location**, which is a path for refresh job checkpoints. The location must be a path in an HDFS compatible file system. 

> 4. Enter a **Watermark delay**, which defines how late data can come and still be processed, e.g. 1 minute, 10 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter a **Watermark delay**, which defines how late data can come and still be processed, such as 1 minute or 10 seconds.
```
